pdf-ps              pdf2ps
ps-pdf              ps2pdf
txt-man             txt2man
dos-unix            dos2unix
unix-dos            unix2dos
pdf-txt             pdftotext
heic-png            heif-convert
heic-jpg            heif-convert
mp4-mp3             ffmpeg          
mkv-mp4             ffmpeg          
mp4-mkv             ffmpeg          
md-tex              pandoc
html-md             pandoc          
md-html             pandoc          
md-pdf              pandoc          
txt-tex             pandoc          
tex-txt             pandoc          
tex-md              pandoc          
md-tex              pandoc          
txt-epub            pandoc          
txt-docx            pandoc          
docx-txt            pandoc          
tex-docx            pandoc          
docx-tex            pandoc
docx-pdf            pandoc
pdf-jpg             gs              
pdf-png             gs              
jpg-png             convert
png-jpg             convert
webp-jpg            convert
jpg-webp            convert
webp-png            convert
png-webp            convert
png-gif             convert
gif-png             convert
jpg-gif             convert
gif-jpg             convert
webp-gif            convert
gif-webp            convert
png-bmp             convert
bmp-png             convert
jpg-bmp             convert
bmp-jpg             convert
webp-bmp            convert
bmp-webp            convert
gif-bmp             convert
bmp-gif             convert

